VMS-datacall/README.md, before:

# VMS-datacall

[This R-script](https://github.com/ICES-dk/VMS-datacall/blob/master/VMSdatacall_2017_proposedWorkflow.r "Data Workflow") has been developed in collaboration with the ICES working group [WGSFD](http://www.ices.dk/community/groups/Pages/WGSFD.aspx "Working Group on Spatial Fisheries Data") to aid technical personnel of countries in successfully submitting data to comply with the   [2017 ICES Data call](http://ices.dk/marine-data/Documents/Data_calls/VMS.datacall.2017-Final.pdf) for VMS/Log book data for fishing activities in the North East Atlantic and Baltic Sea. 

Users please note: this R-script is offered as an aid for countries to use and is not mandatory. ICES cannot take responsibility for any mistakes, updates or corrections to the R-script. The script has been, and is being developed, as a community driven initiative to help guide data submitters in an iterative way to meet the ICES VMS/Log book data call. The responsibility lies with individual countries to meet the ICES Data call for VMS/Log book data.

For questions or to provide feedback please contact ICES accessions: <accessions@ices.dk>

Commit message:

added title of VMS-datacall repo as note in readme

VMS-datacall/README.md, after:

**note**

This script has been developed in collaboration with the ICES working group WGSFD (working group on spatial fisheries data) to aid technical personnel with the 2016 ICES Data call for VMS/Log book data for fishing activities in the North East Atlantic and Baltic Sea over the years 2009-2015.

# VMS-datacall

[This R-script](https://github.com/ICES-dk/VMS-datacall/blob/master/VMSdatacall_2017_proposedWorkflow.r "Data Workflow") has been developed incollaboration with the ICES working group [WGSFD](http://www.ices.dk/community/groups/Pages/WGSFD.aspx "Working Group on Spatial Fisheries Data") to aid technical personnel of countries in successfully submitting data to comply with the   [2017 ICES Data call](http://ices.dk/marine-data/Documents/Data_calls/VMS.datacall.2017-Final.pdf) for VMS/Log book data for fishing activities in the North East Atlantic and Baltic Sea. 

Users please note: this R-script is offered as an aid for countries to use and is not mandatory. ICES cannot take responsibility for any mistakes, updates or corrections to the R-script. The script has been, and is being developed, as a community driven initiative to help guide data submitters in an iterative way to meet the ICES VMS/Log book data call. The responsibility lies with individual countries to meet the ICES Data call for VMS/Log book data.

For questions or to provide feedback please contact ICES accessions: <accessions@ices.dk>
